feat: Allow disabling pod and/or container metrics for runtime input (#1241)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/04-metrics.md

        value: https://backend.example.com:4317
```

> The agent configures the [kubletstatsreceiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver) for the metric groups `pod` and `container`. With that, [system metrics](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver/documentation.md) related to containers and pods get collected by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent configures the [kubletstatsreceiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver) for the metric groups `pod` and `container`. With that, [system metrics](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver/documentation.md) related to containers and Pods get collected by default.
```

> The agent configures the [kubletstatsreceiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver) for the metric groups `pod` and `container`. With that, [system metrics](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver/documentation.md) related to containers and pods get collected by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The agent configures the [kubletstatsreceiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver) for the metric groups `pod` and `container`. With that, [system metrics](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver/documentation.md) related to containers and Pods are collected by default.
```

> The agent configures the [kubletstatsreceiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver) for the metric groups `pod` and `container`. With that, [system metrics](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver/documentation.md) related to containers and Pods get collected by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The agent configures the [kubletstatsreceiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver) for the metric groups `pod` and `container`. With that, [system metrics](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/kubeletstatsreceiver/documentation.md) related to containers and Pods are collected by default.
```

> It is possible to selectively disable the collection of the pod or container metrics by defining the `resources` section in the `runtime` input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to selectively disable the collection of the Pod or container metrics by defining the `resources` section in the `runtime` input.
```

> It is possible to selectively disable the collection of the Pod or container metrics by defining the `resources` section in the `runtime` input.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to disable the collection of the Pod or container metrics, define the `resources` section in the `runtime` input.
```

> The following example drops the runtime pod metrics and only collects runtime container metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example drops the runtime Pod metrics and only collects runtime container metrics:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: telemetry.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
kind: MetricPipeline
metadata:
  name: backend
spec:
  input:
    runtime:
      enabled: true
      resources:
        pod:
          enabled: false
  output:
    otlp:
      endpoint:
        value: https://backend.example.com:4317
```

> The following example drops the runtime container metrics and only collects runtime pod metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example drops the runtime container metrics and only collects runtime Pod metrics:
```
